are working on this, but um, so, uh, and this is just a router for different LLMs. You also have site today also, like that. If I have multiple LLMs, then which one I should pass. But that's the new people are doing. But people are not doing, okay, in Sweder or at all, I should send it to that's the part, like which we were addressing. So I think like we are now going into little, like we are spreading things a lot. Now, we need to just pick one problem and solve that problem. Like instead of like worrying everywhere, then we will not find anything. So, If I remember correctly, earlier, we were trying to improve the accuracy by 1st routeing. Sorry? Yeah, continue, sir. Yeah, so by sending it to different LLMs, origin, versus LLM or some of the 4 or 5 things you have tried. Now, and then you didn't find any positive results there, that it's none of them are fitting the baseline system. Yeah. So we want to find, find one small problem, and then they solve these problems. Now, if we take these as like, okay, there is a method for choosing LLMs. And then like choosing LLM is um, Fine, but how we can like, I don't know these papers, like uh, detail. So what exactly happening in current research is like I have read a couple of papers, right? So if you see the route LLM route, they see, like these, these papers, if you, these are the 2 papers, right? So these are like morely concentrated into towards the LLM pot. So they are just saying, okay, if I have a query, if I send this query to one of the model, I don't want to spend more much of money on on high, like, very expensive model rather than I just spend my money on low expensive, which gives Unsuccessful. So that means it's like the potential site is only LLMs. Yeah. So when you come to graph rooter, right? So this is where they entered into the agent space. So what they does is they have tried everything, like saying that, okay, I have a quiry, so these are the agents' space. It's more related to our thing, but they have done little different in the sense that they have used it a graph neural network. And that's how they have, that's how they got the results. But we are doing little space, but we are doing in a different type of framework. Like, instead of instead of, like, if you see all they say, these are like post, like post-sick plus. So based on the post signal, they will return again and commence. But what we are trying to do is like, we are predefining this, like, like, we are saying that, okay, this quarry will be solved in a pre-inference, not like going all the step at the end and come back and saying like, okay, this country this doesn't work. So what you're trying to solve is, like something important, like instead of going until the last, so why can't we just understand, okay, this is the problem. This is the complexity. There is no need to have such type of reasoning steps or reasoning agents. Let's say, like here we are just, we just took like very subtle or fixed pool because each, so even though if you see that, I picked the reagent, I mean, I picked the pool as very distinctive. But these papers all like took the pooling, whatever the agent pooling got very, very near, like, let's say they have took, they, they choosed COT and self-consistency. CBOSD is something a single step self-consistency is in multiple steps. It's like an extension of that particular reasoning step. But what I'm trying to, what I'm trying to build here is like what if you have a distinct type of agenting and heterogeneous data set, heterogeneous data set, lessons, a different task type. So I think we are solving very different or like very distinct thing. That's the one of the reasons why we are not able to achieve a great reasons. I could... No, no, that's that's fine. So I, uh, now, uh, I'm thinking to conclude this thing as soon as possible and get a place somewhere. No, so where is the problem? Like, where is what part we need to solve that we cannot solve? Like, if I just ask you one line statement that what is the problem statement we are solving? So, there are problems that went from, they thought this route already, you know? Okay, so we are trying to route the query to different LLMs. Now, in our case, what is the problem? Like we have a task and are we decomposing the task and sending it to different LNA, including agent? Sorry, can you come again, sir? So, we have a task and we are decomposing the task and send it into the different LLM. So, no, no, no. So what exactly we are doing is, like, we have a task, right? So what so why we are decomposing is something important here. So we need to know the uh, pre-execution signals that that that particular inquiry requires because we are mostly solving uh, a pre-inference complexity rather than like rather than like going like after inference complexity. Like, like before itself, we are like, like, I mean, before inference itself, we are trying to judge or like we are trying to take a decision saying that, okay, this quiry doesn't require much comp, like doesn't require much reasoning steps, like, doesn't require to, like, let's say if I take a quiry, right? Yeah. So if I take a wiry, which requires a tools which requires a, which requires a lot of reasonings to have, a lot of thinking process, so it depends on the wiry. We will be rooting all that. But how exactly you are solving is here is by decomposing that particular query to get the signals. Okay, this quarry requires this signals. So maybe this is better if you like send to this particular agent. Okay. So let's plan something so that we come to some state, even if that state is not the, uh, not as good state. Like let's work like industry, not like academia, that we don't care about the solution, whether it's the correct solution or the incorrect solution. But we want to release the product. Yeah, even I'm waiting for that. That's how the industry works. They don't care about, there are like sometimes like people write a solution that's purely unscientific solution. Like, but that works and they care about whether it works or not. So I can say, okay, so let's take a couple of statements. First statement is there is a lot of work happening on query routeing. to different LLMs to improve their efficiency. This efficiency in terms of cost, time, blah, blah, blah, whatever. So this is the current state. that, okay. A lot of home to improve the efficiency, LLM, routeing of LLM for equery is being is going on. Now, now I'm making a comment. This comment has to be validated. Most of these work are supervised. Yes. Because they know somehow that what type of query should go to, where? Yeah. And I'm saying, okay, then our works would say unsupervised way of query routeing. Okay, that's a very different thing. Okay. So, no, no, I connect. I'm supervised way of query routeing to different LLMs that includes agents and blah, blah, all of them. Okay. Now, what is unsupervised means? Unsupervised means there is no prior signal. Yeah. So now, given a query, you are looking for, correct me if I need, anywhere, like, I'm saying, I'm deviating because you know things better than me because sometimes I forget between walks, yeah. So now you are trying to estimate those signals that what all actually can tell. Like, for example, the complexity is a signal. Like, say some of them, you inferred a prior, like in the previous world, that if this, they need to go here, if this, it should go here, and if this, it should go here. Okay. Now, I'm saying, so if you least any number of such unsupervised signal, for example, task complexity. Okay. That some of them which you already have, then then the entropy of a query with respect to the model, entropy of the query, Q, given the model M1, M2, M3, MI. So all the model from that, which one it describes. Then also you can see like query uncertainty. That means the same query. I change it to multiple ways. Say, I can ask you what is your name? And that probably you say Putna. Then I said, how does people identify you? In school, like what are the different features? Oh, yeah, I mean, like say, I make, instead of asking, directive, what is your name? I make it a very complex thing, but an answer will be the same, like Pugna. Yeah. So how you're framed and office recognise you on a piece of paper or in a classroom setting? So then, yeah, so that kind of thing, so that essentially, if you part of the input into multiple things, then you get another signal that, okay, in every time it's things remain same, like the query, it understands. So if all these things are good. Okay. Like, could in the sense you get a feature vector, like, from the, from these are all unsupervised signals. Some of them are from the data, some of them are from the model. With respect to that query. And they knew used to signal to decide whether you should use what it's called, which LLA Muse would use. Now, you can use it in 2 ways. One is that you assume that, okay, if uncertainty, like some kind of rules, as you thought, like, okay, if the uncertainty of a particular model MI is very low, Then probably you should route it to that model. And uh, and then um, if uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, so that's one possible way. And then you have so many variables. Assume you have taken such variables, now very hard to like find that, okay, which one is good, which one is bad, then you have to have some learning method. Like, okay, I want to understand the weight of all these parameters lamb the eye, which is supervised data. And then you get a equation that this is the equation. And then you can say that, okay, based on these equation, I'll route this to this LLM. And story ends there. 1st level of work. And I think most of these work you have done. Yes, yeah. The supervised thing is like mostly I have done. Yeah, so now I, so like supervised thing you have done, but this is mostly your features are modelled independent features. Yeah. But you have to take the create a model dependent feature. So given a query, given a model, what is the entropy? Given a query, and the potter vision of the query, what is the uncertainty of that query? If your model is very confident, like whatever way somebody asks you the question, what is your name? You will give correct answer irrespective of how hard the question is, friend. But if, if you, if you are not, uh, if you are probably a class one or uh, UKG, LKG student, then if somebody change the question, what is your name to some differently, then probably they will badly fail. So, so that analogy, like, okay, so that if, if the model is robust for that, then it, you know, always keep that. So that model dependent feature you also bring and then um, that, that, yeah. So, I'm trying to connect a story so that it can be... So, sorry to interrupt, sir. So as you mentioned, like how you're pitching the signals from the model independent and model dependent, I think I feel like as I was going through, and it is almost like April 2, we should understand the agent signals as well. Like, what exactly that particular agent's ability? So if you're also able to capture that sickness as well, I think that definitely will also improve the whole pot. Because model signals is total different. It gives a confidence, reduce the entropy. But agent ability, like each agent's like, we are solving the agent's ability, right? Like each agent's had like a different type of way of solving the problem. Okay, now, what is an agent? So, here, we have defined, like, in a different reasoning way, let's say, the viry has, like, uh, like, like we have discussed in the paper, like, let's say, very doesn't require much reasoning. Just looking at the choir guard, just having the facts. So you just view the thing. But when it comes to react type of agents and multi-type of wages, that's quite a dynamic thing. So we need to understand the signal how exactly the age and thinking. Even we know that the LLM is thinking all the process, but the whole orchestration is also depends on the agent, right? Yeah. So agent is nothing but a orchestra in plus a language model. Yeah, yeah. And that can be recursing, like, okay, 1st tape, 10 2nd tape, then 3rd stape, like correct, and then, so now, if you think that orchestras in, so it already has the LLM component, assume that the orchestras in is correct. But the alien fails for that. Okay. So that also happens. Now, so now, what I am saying that, okay, you, these, all these features, like that determines whether it go to a particular LLM or particular agent. Now, agent, if you consider, along with that set, like a name and origin. Hmm. The agent also need a signal from those aliens also. Yes, yes, I agree. So then you can extend the works, assume, like I'm now thinking from a paper's perspective. So 1st problem is that, uh, routeing, unsupervised routeing to LLS. This is one part of the problem. Second is like unsupervised parameter waiting to make it better. Is that clear? Like, uh, and 3rd is, now if it is not LA, if it is extension to agent. Okay, okay. Now, there, you have, like, okay, is the task decomposition correct? And also, like the, let's say, suppose now, uh, LNM has decomposed a task into, like, 3 different tasks. And then, like, okay, we're sending one to maybe one of that is not good for one LNM. So I am thinking like, okay, instead of doing that much far-faced. Okay. If this one and two you can do, then this itself is publishable. Okay, okay. And then we can extend it to agent. Okay, okay. So, so what you are suggesting is that like, so whatever the things that we have done, it's well good. But instead of moving into the age and space, let's understand the element space first. Currently every, like all the works of, you are done using the supervised things. So we need to ship the twin and unsupervised learning. How can it use a signals and how can it use it? How accurate is further elements? Yeah, how means water, the different features and how those features governs the task routeing to LLMs, in unsupervised way, without knowing the lot of data prior data, can we eat out for this thing? And then parameter learning. So this is enough more than enough for a paper. Like if this is this can show something, even if it shows negative correlations, some of them that also should be fine. Like it should not be a problem. So, on one more thing, sir, like, uh, so, so what, where exactly are you like targeting? Is it like, is it the? I'm targeting ACL, which is also a great conference. Deadline is August 3. Okay, okay. Because I was also looking for what are the conference that our paper could publish. It's more like an ACL than neuro IPS. Yeah, so and it is this is not enough match for new ribs. Uh, even AAA deadline is coming very soon. That is somewhere in June, I forgot. But I think even it's not ready for AAA and AAA is a generally eye conference, whereas ACL is uh, uh, language, uh, it's uh, like language related, like, uh, so, and uh, ACL deadline is also reasonable, like, which is August 3, which has like around a month and a half . Yeah. So I think like we should conclude something at least that this much amount of work is there. Yeah. So the confusion part is like we are doing a lot of experiments. The thing is, where exactly are you? Yeah, so that's there. So now I, that's why I said, like, don't do any experiment. That is not, assume that you are writing a paper and to write that paper, you need few numbers from some experiment, only do those experiment. As you have start writing, leather ILC start writing the paper, and once you start writing the paper, you will get some, okay, to establish this means when you are writing a paper, you have some hypothesis, and based on those hypotheses, you need some results, so that hypothesis holds true or false. So only do those experiments. Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, definitely I'll definitely look all the stories and I should definitely complete this before Tula itself. So that we can have it was draft and we can we could publish it as early as possible. Yeah. No, I want to do this because I am thinking this problem space is very interesting. Interesting. When you get stuck, that means it's a hard problem and there are a lot of fork is possible. So I'm I'm thinking of packing one PhD students and one master students to work on this problem to further enhance it to. So before that, I won all your work to be like written up and published. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Even I was also looking for that, sir. Like even I have taco to a couple of people, from Google and Microsoft people. And when I had a discussion with them, like even they also like doing such type of races in terms of routeing and all, they are figuring out how can it would help in an industrial ways. How can we do this? So, yeah. No, this is a very important problem. So that's why if you get some positive pressure, this will easily get in, yeah. Yeah, yeah, I totally got it. So that's why I'm saying like, okay, write the paper, fill in the tables, and like, let's say, like where we are and send it to ACL, ACL is happening in a nice place this time. Okay. Okay, so I think that's there. I have to go for a vibe, HD vibe in a... So, and one more thing is, like, if you could connect me with some of the people who are working in this space, you know, like so that it could be, like, really helpful for me to have a conversation. So I thought I'll discuss that. There is 2 possible ways. One is like I have created a group who will be taking this work into like their form one empty student, one PhD students, they are just starting now. They haven't have done anything. So one PhD student and one person from Microsoft, but moving to Google, I think next to next week. Okay. So she's in Godly or what's that called? Yeah. So, so I'm, so if you want to be associated with this group, because then I'll be super happy to include you. It up to you because we started the work with you. So, and if you come to this group, what are the advantages and disadvantages? advantages, of course, when you work in a group, like you will get a lot of ideas, cross ideas and all those. And then also your publication and stuff will increase because then people whoever, one guy will be the fast author and who is the primary contributor and the remaining will be second, third, 4th author and all those. Okay. So that's one. And then we can have like more and more problems. So that also I can do, like now, no, this group is also not interacting, means it's in my mind because I have talked to that MTX student separately, PhD students separately, and the who, uh, lady also. She's very young. She's just a kid. Uh, like, um, uh, So, so that's uh, that's the way I'm going to form the group. Okay, okay, okay. So you think through, but yeah, this work, this work can be impacted or affected anything by that. So that's why I want like, okay, you have done this, you do this work, and then Yeah. Yeah, yeah, we definitely do this, like, because I've been wanting to publish. I have been seeing a lot of things. It's just that like it's been stuck in the whole pod of experimenting and not getting proper results, how can we approach? Now I think you have, you have guided me correctly saying that by can't we just sits like, took one problem and solved it, then spreading all the things. Yeah, even I feel the same thing in the class. Right? I mean, state one problems, solve it in parallel, start writing. So I assume that whatever happens, we will be submitting it into the what is that? ACL. Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely, sir. Thank you, thank you so much. I'm sorry for sorry for taking some time to do these things. No, I'm also becoming very busy. I mean, like in industry, you do only your work. Here, you, I mean, I'm learning that in academia, you do the same work, what you do in industry, plus HR work, plus administrative work. Like half of my time goes in administrative work, like that's the biggest problem here means I was discussing with one of my colleagues that even these days we don't get time to read papers, then if we forget about like, so if we don't read paper, how will we know what is happening? So that's a very hard part and yeah, yeah. So because you are part of so many panel, I announced, I suppose, 11 o'clock. I have a, I'm a chairperson and for a PhD viber. Now that will go from 11 to 12.30. That means my entire morning is gone. Yeah, yeah, I totally agree, sir. Even like when the work that I am doing is like totally occupied. Now I feel like, okay, let's stop that work. It's just like too much of work happening in my startup, so that keep nagging me, like come, come, come, come. So it's been like too much of travelling as well for me. I always used to say when I was a student that why these professors saw the same slide years after years. Like, uh. Then I realise now I'm realising, okay, they don't have any time to like modify those rights. Yeah, yeah, I agree with that. Yeah. Okay, anyways, yeah. On one more thing, sir, like, so recently my father went to, like, Big Mala. So if you if you need Ladur Vada, like we could share with you, so. Uh, wow, so that that platoo? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah, but my address has changed. I have moved to a different house recently. Okay. So I can share you the new address. I hope, like, it's okay with you, like, Which one? I mean, I hope, like, if I send something to you, like, it's okay with me. No, that's perfectly fine. Yeah, these are anyway Prasadam and I share it with others also. Like I normally bring it to the department and it vanies like you within Chinese. I keep it in the faculty lounge. So, yeah, everyone loves that. yeah Thank you, sir. Thank you so much. Yeah, sure. I'll say her sometime, like, uh, new atmosphere. Yeah, yeah, definitely sir. Thank you, sir, thanks. Okay, cool. Thanks. Thanks a lot. Thanks.